QUESTION 1:
Images: Apple Icon, About This Mac. System Information

On the top left of your screen, you see the Apple icon.
Click on it, followed by 'About this Mac'. You should see
the following screen, or something similar. You could also use the
magnifying glass in the top right and search for 'System Information'.


What kind of chip is in your device?

A: PowerPC
B: Intel
C: Apple Sillicon (f.e. M1/M2/M3 lines and higher)


If A is selected, directly go to the final screen:
"Your Mac is unable to run Grand Theft Auto V"

If B is selected, move on towards the Intel branch
If C is selected, move on towards the Silicon branch


INTEL BRANCH:
Your computer has an Intel processor. Check the 'About this Mac' and/or 'System Information' under the 'Graphics' Tab.
What kind of Graphics Chip is in your computer?. If you have an external GPU, select the brand of the most powerful one.

A: Intel Graphics Chip
B: NVIDIA Graphics Chip
C: AMD Graphics Chip


Check your available Hard Drive space on your mac. Is there at least 150-200GB available, or are you able to clear this much amount of space?
A: Yes 
B: No 


How much RAM is available in your machine?

A: Less than 4GB
B: Exactly 4GB 
C: 6 to 8 GB
D: 9 to 15GB
E: 16GB or more


If A in RAM is selected:
Directly head on over to the final screen: your computer cannot run GTA V

If B in RAM is selected:
If Intel GPU:
You have exactly 4GB of RAM available, which is the bare minimum required to run GTA V.
However, since you've stated your computer has an Intel GPU, you will have to test compatibility yourself on a case-to-case basis 
and install the game to see if it runs and to which degree.

Please click the button below to see your advice.
[Button]

If not Intel GPU:
You have exactly 4GB of RAM available, which is the bare minimum required to run GTA V. You should be able to run the game
on lower graphical settings, depending on the strength of your processor and GPU.

Please click the button below to see your advice.
[button]


ADVICE INTEL:

[IF 150-200GB CAN BE CLEARED]
The best way for you to play Grand Theft Auto V is through Bootcamp Assistant. On the top right of your screen, click on the
magnifying glass and search for 'Bootcamp Assistant'. Bootcamp Assistant will allow you to dual-boot Windows next to MacOS. 
Once initiated, a Wizard will open and guide you through the Windows installation process. Once installed, you can boot into Windows
while holding the OPTION key while booting up your mac. You will see two hard drive icons: one for MacOS, one for Windows.
Navigate to Windows with your arrow keys and hit the return key to boot into Windows.

Please be reminded you will need to purchase a legitimate copy of Windows yourself, alongside a way to install it (such as a Hard Drive or USB stick depending on
the requirements of Bootcamp Assistant). Make sure to check in the Bootcamp Assistant software beforehand which versions of Windows are supported.

[IF NO 150-200GB CAN BE CLEARED]
The best way for you to play Grand Theft Auto V is through a virtual machine created with software such as VMWare Fusion or Parallels Desktop.
Since you are unable to clear at least 150 to 200GB of hard drive space, your best chance to run the game is to create a virtual Windows machine on a external
HDD/SSD with at least that amount of space available. You MUST have the HDD/SSD attached to your computer every time you wish to boot the game.

Please be reminded you will need to purchase a legitimate copy of Windows yourself, including an external HDD/SSD if you don't have access to one.
Make sure to check which versions of Windows are compatible with VMWare Fusion and/or Parallels beforehand.

Before running the virtual machine, try to allocate as much resources (RAM, GPU power, processing power) to it as you safely can (do this at your own risk), don't run
additional applications in the background to save RAM, and run your virtual machine in fullscreen mode for the best results.
If you are unsure whether how much resources you can safely allocate, don't do anything and leave it at the default settings.

[IF RAM WAS 4GB EXACT]
You have exactly 4GB of RAM available, which is the bare minimum required to run GTA V. You should be able to run the game
on lower graphical settings, depending on the strength of your processor and GPU. 

[IF RAM IS HIGHER, ADJUST THIS TEXT BASED ON PERFORMANCE]


[IF INTEL GPU] Since you have a Intel GPU, you will have to test compatibility on a case-to-case basis to see for yourself if
the game runs.

Please install the game and run it on the lowest graphical settings and resolution. Document for yourself how well
the game runs. If it runs well, try to increase the resolution and graphical settings until you are experiencing slowdowns.
When that happens, revert back to settings that yield higher framerates.

If you experience slowdowns on the lowest graphical settings, your computer is unable to properly run the game.
This means you are most likely unable to complete the guide to full satisfaction.

